Congratulations. In this lesson,
you've seen how you can use trigonometry to deconstruct motion into x and y components.
You'll use this ability along with your knowledge of derivatives and integrals,
in the final project for this course.
In this project, you will be reconstructing the x,
y trajectory of a vehicle using the raw data from its motion sensors.
And note that this project is more open ended than most of the previous projects,
and it will not be submitted for review.
Technically, this means you don't need to complete
the project to pass the Nanodegree, but I hope you do.
If you get stuck or just want to discuss the project,
you should feel free to use the Nanodegree Slack channel,
to chat and share your code. Good luck.